#summary Story board for fetching results from Open source repository.

*Module Description:* It will query a code repository and return code samples in response to a teacher-specified query indicating a subject for which the teacher wishes to create a tutorial.

*Involved files:*

*Input:* Query. i.e. name of the topic.

*Output:* A list of files or a list of lines of code that are relevant with the topic searched.

*Story points:*

  * Identify actual repositories eg. Apache, eclipse, etc. that can support querying.<font color=green> DONE </font>
  * Does google code do something similar too? Find other projects and find out if they have some repositories or API that can be used. <font color=green> DONE </font>
  * Get Google Code Search working in eclipse. Research on information provided by each feed. Create a simple test file that fires a query and prints 10 different samples with lines of code more than 10 and lines of code less than 100. Do not consider comments as line of code. 
  * Identify initial pool of topics that can be deemed important by a Java tutor and search for topics using . Judge the relevance of the code samples returned for pedagogy. While doing so, note down observations regarding what makes a program fit to be a tutorial. eg. if a program has some standard Java API like Applet, File, etc. then it might serve as a better tutorial than some program that uses a lot of user defined classes.
  * Based upon the observations devise an algorithm that will select 10 tutorial-fit samples from all the ResultFeedEntries. <font color=red>MOST IMP</font>

  * Other Notes:*